chore(telemetry): enable telemetry by default (#4003)
DataDog/dd-trace-py: docs/index.rst

.. [5] ``grpc.aio`` is automatically instrumented starting with ``grpcio>=1.32.0``.

.. _`Instrumentation Telemetry`:

Instrumentation Telemetry
-------------------------

Datadog may gather environmental and diagnostic information about your tracing libraries; this includes information
about the host running an application, operating system, programming language and runtime, APM integrations used,
and application dependencies. Additionally, Datadog may collect information such as diagnostic logs, crash dumps

> with obfuscated stack traces, and various system performance metrics.

Reviewer: should we add a statement on how to disable?

> To disable set `DD_INSTRUMENTATION_TELEMETRY_ENABLED=false` environment variable

?

.. [5] ``grpc.aio`` is automatically instrumented starting with ``grpcio>=1.32.0``.

.. _`Instrumentation Telemetry`:

Instrumentation Telemetry
-------------------------

> Datadog may gather environmental and diagnostic information about your tracing libraries; this includes information

Reviewer 2: Not sure about "your tracing" here.

```suggestion
Datadog may gather environmental and diagnostic information about instrumentation libraries; this includes information
```

.. [5] ``grpc.aio`` is automatically instrumented starting with ``grpcio>=1.32.0``.

.. _`Instrumentation Telemetry`:

Instrumentation Telemetry
-------------------------

Datadog may gather environmental and diagnostic information about instrumentation libraries; this includes information
about the host running an application, operating system, programming language and runtime, APM integrations used,
and application dependencies. Additionally, Datadog may collect information such as diagnostic logs, crash dumps
with obfuscated stack traces, and various system performance metrics.

To disable set ``DD_INSTRUMENTATION_TELEMETRY_ENABLED=false`` environment variable.

> 

Author: ```suggestion

See our official :ref`datadog documentation <https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/configure_data_security#telemetry-collection>` for more details
```
